.TH covademo 1 "21 MAY 2024" "0.10.1" 

.SH NAME
.B covademo

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B covademo
.RB [OPTIONS]
.RB [VALUES]
.RB [SUB COMMAND...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B A demo of the Cova command line argument parser.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.SS COMMANDS
.B sub-cmd:
A demo sub command.

.B basic:
The most basic Command.

.B nest-1:
Nested Level 1.

.B struct-cmd:
A demo sub command made from a struct.

.B union-cmd:
A demo sub command made from a union.

.B fn-cmd:
A demo sub command made from a function.

.B add-user:
A demo sub command for adding a user.

.SS OPTIONS
.B string_opt:
[-s,--string "string_val ([]const u8)"]:
  A string option. (Can be given up to 4 times.)

.B int_opt:
[-i,--int "int_val (i16)"]:
  An integer option. (Can be given up to 10 times.)

.B float_opt:
[-f,--float "float_val (f16)"]:
  An float option. (Can be given up to 10 times.)

.B file_opt:
[-F,--file "filepath ([]const u8)"]:
  A filepath option.

.B ordinal_opt:
[-o,--ordinal "ordinal_val ([]const u8)"]:
  An ordinal number option.

.B cardinal_opt:
[-c,--cardinal "cardinal_val (u8)"]:
  A cardinal number option.

.B toggle_opt:
[-t,--toggle "toggle_val (bool)"]:
  A toggle/boolean option.

.B bool_opt:
[-b,--bool "bool_val (bool)"]:
  A toggle/boolean option.

.B verbosity_opt:
[-v,--verbosity "verbosity_level (u4)"]:
  Set the CovaDemo verbosity level. (WIP)

.SS VALUES
.B cmd_str:
([]const u8): A string value for the command.

.B cmd_bool:
(bool): A boolean value for the command.

.B cmd_u64:
(u64): A u64 value for the command.

.SH EXAMPLES

.B covademo -b --string "Optional String"

.B covademo -i 0 -i=1 -i2 -i=3,4,5 -i6,7 --int 8 --int=9

.B covademo --file "/some/file"



.SH AUTHOR
.B 00JCIV00

.SH COPYRIGHT
.B MIT License
